Releases/0.4.0 (#101)
trulysimple/tsargp: packages/docs/pages/docs/library/options.mdx

### Array attributes

Array-valued options share a set of attributes, as described below.

#### Separator

The `separator` attribute, if present, specifies a delimiter by which to split parameter values. If
specified, the option will accept a single parameter[^3] on the command-line, not multiple
parameters (as is the default). It can be either a string or a regular expression.

#### Remove duplicates

The `unique` attribute, if present, indicates that duplicate elements will be removed from the
option value. This normalization is applied _after_ other normalizations and _before_ checking the
[count limit] constraint.

<Callout type="info">

>   Due to the nature of JavaScript's [Set] type, the order of elements is preserved (i.e., they
>   reflect the order in which they were parsed).

Author: ```suggestion
  Due to the nature of JavaScript's [Set] type, the order of elements is preserved (i.e., it
  reflects the order in which they were parsed).
```
